It's over. It's over.
Oops, how could you offend 7:30?
Hey, why don't I pay that Xu Yuan 100,000 yuan?
You might as well give me the money
Look at you two looking down.
Have you forgotten your boss's goal?
Renovation park output
7:30 was already in my plan
Since they don't come to me
Then I'll go find them.
Is there anybody who wants to come with me?
Boss calm down
Even the Blood Gang was wiped out by me, not just at 7:30
What's there to be afraid of?
Boss, 7:30
It can't be compared to a small blood gang
Want to get rid of them
We have to think long term.
Boss, I'm going with you
They certainly wouldn't dare
Do you think everyone is like you?
Boss 7:30
But it has existed since the establishment of the park
Not only are there many of them
And I heard that their president is a lunatic
Oh, you mustn't be so reckless!
Oh, aunts, calm down
So what do you say?
Boss, look inside our group
Only you and Yan Fang can fight
We may seem crowded
But it lacks sharp combat power
If you get into a fight with someone else
Yes.
Boss, what are we doing here?
Are you on vacation?
I have prepared a period of time for everyone
A month of devil training
Devil Training
Everybody runs 20 laps.
Runway I know you are the devil 30 laps